Update Query Options section (#153)
MicrosoftDocs/OData-docs: Odata-docs/client/v7/query-options.md

```csharp
DataServiceQuery peopleQuery = dsc.People
    .AddQueryOption("$filter", "Gender eq Microsoft.OData.SampleService.Models.TripPin.PersonGender'Female'")
    .AddQueryOption("$skip", "3")
    .AddQueryOption("$orderby", "UserName desc");

foreach (Person person in peopleQuery)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"Username: {person.UserName} First Name: {person.FirstName} Gender: {person.Gender}");
}
```

In the case above, the URI that is generated by the OData client includes the requested entity set together with the added query options.

## LINQ Query Methods
In the example below, we are creating a Linq query expression that returns only females, ordered by `UserName`. We also specify which columns should be returned.

```csharp
DefaultContainer dsc = new DefaultContainer(new Uri("https://services.odata.org/V4/(S(uvf1y321yx031rnxmcbqmlxw))/TripPinServiceRW/"));

var query = dsc.People.Where(p => p.Gender == PersonGender.Female)
    .OrderBy(p => p.UserName)

>     .Select(p => new { p.FirstName, p.LastName, p.UserName, p.Gender });

Author: Why do we need to add `Skip`?

>     .Select(p => new { p.FirstName, p.LastName, p.UserName, p.Gender });

Author: Got it. For consistency, we can match with the `AddQueryOption` example.
#Resolved

# Query options
**Applies To**: [!INCLUDE[appliesto-odataclient](../../includes/appliesto-odataclient-v7.md)]

There are mainly 2 ways to add Query Options to a DataServiceQuery
1. Using AddQueryOption method.
2. Using strongly typed C# LINQ query methods.

## AddQueryOption Method

> The following example shows how to use to the `AddQueryOption` method to create a [DataServiceQuery&lt;TElement&gt;](/dotnet/api/microsoft.odata.client.dataservicequery-1) class implements the [IQueryable&lt;T&gt;](/dotnet/api/system.linq.iqueryable-1)

Author: #Resolved

```csharp
DataServiceQuery peopleQuery = dsc.People

>     .AddQueryOption("$filter", "gender eq Female")

Reviewer: Is gender Enum or String? Following from that, should it be `Female` or `'Female'`?

Author: Actually `Gender` is an `enum`. I have updated the sample code.
#Resolved

    .AddQueryOption("$skip", "3")
    .AddQueryOption("$orderby", "UserName desc");

foreach (Person person in peopleQuery)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"Username: {person.UserName} First Name: {person.FirstName} Gender: {person.Gender}");
}
```

> In the case above, the URI that is generated by the Odata client includes the requested entity set with the selected query options applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case above, the URI that is generated by the Odata client includes the requested entity set together with the added query options.
```

Author: #Resolved

> In the case above, the URI that is generated by the Odata client includes the requested entity set with the selected query options applied.

Author: #Resolved

## LINQ Query Methods

> In the example below, we are creating a linq query expression that returns only Females and orders the result by UserName. We are selecting specific columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we are creating a Linq query expression that returns only people of the `Female` gender, ordered by `UserName`. We also specify which columns should be returned.
```

Author: #Resolved

> In the example below, we are creating a linq query expression that returns only Females and orders the result by UserName. We are selecting specific columns

Author: #Resolved

```csharp
DefaultContainer dsc = new DefaultContainer(new Uri("https://services.odata.org/V4/(S(uvf1y321yx031rnxmcbqmlxw))/TripPinServiceRW/"));

var query = dsc.People.Where(p => p.Gender == PersonGender.Female)
    .OrderBy(p => p.UserName)
    .Select(p => new { p.FirstName, p.LastName, p.UserName, p.Gender });

foreach(var person in query)
{
    Console.WriteLine($"Username: {person.UserName} First Name: {person.FirstName} Gender: {person.Gender}");
}
```

> Since the [DataServiceQuery&lt;TElement&gt;](/dotnet/api/microsoft.odata.client.dataservicequery-1) class implements the [IQueryable&lt;T&gt;](/dotnet/api/system.linq.iqueryable-1) interface defined by LINQ, the OData client library is able to transform LINQ queries against entity set data into a URI that represents a query expression evaluated against a data service resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the [DataServiceQuery&lt;TElement&gt;](/dotnet/api/microsoft.odata.client.dataservicequery-1) class implements the [IQueryable&lt;T&gt;](/dotnet/api/system.linq.iqueryable-1) interface (System.Linq), the OData client library is able to translate Linq queries against entity sets into URIs executed against a data service resource.
```

Author: #Resolved

The examples below demonstrate the kinds of LINQ queries that can be used to create various query options.

## $filter

> For `GET https://host/service/EntitySet?$filter=Prop eq value`:

Author: #Resolved

var people = context.People.IncludeCount(true);
```

For `GET https://host/service/People?$count=false`:

``` csharp
var people = context.People.IncludeCount(false);
```

## $orderby

For `GET https://host/service/People?$orderby=FirstName`:

``` csharp
var people = context.People.OrderBy(c => c.FirstName);
```

For `GET https://host/service/People?$orderby=FirstName desc`:

``` csharp
var people = context.People.OrderByDescending(c => c.FirstName);
```

For `GET https://host/service/People?$orderby=Trips/$count`:

``` csharp
var people = context.People.OrderBy(c => c.Trips.Count);
```

## $skip

For `GET https://host/service/People?$skip=3`:

``` csharp
var people = context.People.Skip(3);
```

## $top

For `GET https://host/service/People?$top=3`:

``` csharp
var people = context.People.Take(3);
```

## $expand

For `GET https://host/service/People?$expand=Trips`:

``` csharp
var people = context.People.Expand(c => c.Trips);
```

## $select

> For `GET https://host/service/People` // selects all columns by default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For `GET https://host/service/People` Selects all columns by default
```

Author: #Resolved

> OR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

OR

```
Add newline spacing because the 2 lines above and below the "OR" seem to be rendering on one line

Author: #Resolved

> For `GET https://host/service/People?$select=*`: // same as above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For `GET https://host/service/People?$select=*` Same as above
```

Author: #Resolved
